bribe and sportbiketrackgear.com if they
were installed instead of the light tech
axial sliders on the front of our 2015
Yamaha YZF r1 STG project bike pretty
basic job here right but what I will tie
is the instructions they leave a little
bit to be desired so we're going to
remove some of the mystery from that
just show you how to do it flat out
because there are different Hardware
pieces and different clucks right
essentially what we have here is we have
you know plastic of Delrin pluck
aluminum center you know high quality
light tech beautiful stuff these are
golf fun go into the axle they're going
to protect your axle and protect your
fork lowers right so this is a good idea
for street biter track writer if you're
a track rider you'll be doing frequent
tire change it's going to add a little
time to your tire change but at the end
of the day it's not a huge deal we're
going to begin over here on the right
side of the bike okay this is a larger
diamond inner portion of the axle it's
going to take the larger spacer okay
I'll show how they do this cone-shaped
piece of aluminum there is actually I
know if you're going to see an eye
Cameron up there's a taper cut in to the
top of this expander okay it's very
important the cone goes into the tapered
portion not into the other portion right
that is not tapered and straight cut so
that is tip number one two different
putts one of the putts is relieved here
in the back
the other one is cut flat the one that's
cut flat will be used on this side of
the motorcycle what you're going to want
to do is get the expander against the
puck and let's go ahead and get that
cone threaded down you don't want to
tighten it up enough that it's starting
to expand but you want to get enough
that there's a little bit of tension
against it go ahead and slide it into
the axle like so slides in there quite a
ways okay and then
snug it up these are meant to be used
over and over okay that's in there it's
very firm it's going to help protect it
from abrasion so you don't damage the
bottom of your fork tubes not to mention
the fact they're light tech and they
look absolutely gorgeous removal okay
say we are doing a tire change loosen it
up you might have to push in that push
the cone out of the expander comes right
off to reinstall and this procedure will
work on either side just go ahead and
just tighten it up again like I said
ready for multiple uses other side we've
got a little more hardware but the
concept will be the same come over here
got that relieved puck spacer goes first
and then we have the cone with the
expander we're going to show you once
again there is a tapered machined into
the expander and a cone-shaped piece of
aluminum here if you put it in the
straight cut end it's not going to work
it's got to be in that tape would cut
end throughout everything together leave
it loose because this is a pretty tight
tolerance over here and push that in
hold it and snug it up you can see I
also have a driven endurance Cup on him
okay to get it out go ahead and back it
off and see how that aluminum spacers
popping out push in like that and that
pushes the cone out of the expander it's
going to allow you to get it out easily
and once again an hour just to get an
idea if you know what kind of time are
we adding to our tire change here if
you're a tracking
about that much not horrible all in mind
for the racetrack to protect the accent
these are our light tech front axle
protectors installed on our 2015 Yamaha
YZF r1 STG project